fix: replaced mouse events with pointer events (#1752)
Frontify/fondue: .changeset/lucky-rivers-doubt.md

---

> "@frontify/fondue": major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@frontify/fondue": minor
```
Is it really a breaking change?

Author: Updated

---

> fix(Tooltip): Replaced onmouse events with pointer events, to distinguish between devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refactor(Tooltip): replaced `onMouse` events with `onPointer` events to distinguish between devices.
```

Author: Updated
